detroit-yardstick(5) - documentation coverage plugin for detroit
================================================================

## DESCRIPTION

This is a Yardstick plugin for Detroit. Yardstick is a tool
that verifies documentation coverage of Ruby code. It will
measure the source and provide feedback on what is missing
from the documentation and what can be improved. 

This plugin links into the post-document stage of the standard
assembly.


## OPTIONS

The following options can be used in the Detroit toolchain file
for defining a yardstick tool instance.

  * `output` - The path to the file where the measurements will be
    written. Default is the typical `lib/**/*.rb`.

  * `path` - Path or list of paths to measure. Defaults to the 
    project's log directory, e.g. `log/`, in a `yardstick.txt` file.

  * `threshold` - Defaults to the maximum 100.

  * `exact` - Whether the threshold must be exact.

  * `rules` - Yardstick's measure rules can be customized individually.
    with this option. See https://github.com/dkubb/yardstick for detials.


## Examples:

The simplest entry is

    yardstick:
      active: true

A fuller example might look something like this

     yardstick:
       output: log/measurement.txt
       path:
         - lib/**/*.rb


## RESOURCES

For more information:

  * [API Documentation](http://rubydoc.info/gems/detroit-yardstick)

  * [Development Site](http://github.com/detroit/detroit-yardstick)


## COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2010 Rubyworks

Detroit Yardstick is distributable in accordance with the GPL v3 license.


## SEE ALSO

detroit(1), yardstick(1)

